Kyle Gendron <kyle.gendron@maine.edu>
	
Feb 8
		
to ross.mclain, aaron.harvey, me, heuer.naomi
Hey everybody,

This email we can use as a reference for each other's emails.  
Here's the info about each other's physical availability I took down:

Ross Mclain – Available 1-5 Monday and Wednesday on campus. Also available online most days for Skype or Teamspeak.  
Most Fridays free as well.
Aaron Harvey – Class 10-12 every day of the week but Friday  Free otherise, and can work around other schedules.
Naomi Heuer – Mondays and Wednesdays: Class at 11:30 – 5.  Otherwise free on campus during the week.
Nicholas Curlew – Free on campus Any day of the week.  Out of work at ~4:30.

My phone number's (207) 332-5413.  My service is about as reliable as TNT is stable and safe, 
but it's still another way to reach me.  If we choose to use Skype, my current username is bookshelfotron5000.  
I'll probably make a new one for long term use this semester, though.  Lastly, I already have TS3 set up on my 
machine, I'll just need some basic server information in order to connect.  I have tutorials for TeamSpeak 3 
laying around somewhere if you need one.

See you guys Wednesday this week at around 1, and good luck pawing through all that antenatal documentation,



Naomi Heuer
	
Feb 8
		
to Kyle, ross.mclain, aaron.harvey, me
Hey Guys,
I gotta revise my availability I'm free Mondays & Wednesdays 11:30 - 5. Sorry for any confusion.
I've never used TeamSpeak 3, but I'm sure I could figure it out. My skype username is bluemoongem, and my cell
 is 207-607-9125. I'm pretty easy to reach through e-mail or text.

Wednesday around 1 sounds great. Where do we plan on meeting though?

Thanks!



Aaron Harvey
	
Feb 9
		
to Naomi, Kyle, ross.mclain, me
Hi everyone,

My cell is (207) 632-4991. I do work full time, but as long as I have a heads up I can work around it 
(flex hours rock).  I also always have my phone in close proximity to me and all emails are pushed to 
my phone due to work. 

I'll have the team speak sever info after class. I didn't get to it this morning.

Wednesday works fine for me. CS lab?

Aaron

Sent from my iPhone



Ross McLain
	
Feb 9
		
to Aaron, me, Kyle, Naomi

Hello everyone,

My number is 207 420 6255, and yes Wednesday at 130 or so at the cs lab works for me.

Thanks, Ross



Nicholas Curlew <nicholas.curlew@maine.edu>
	
Feb 9
		
to Ross, Aaron, Kyle, Naomi
And I guess it's only appropriate that the team leader for this iteration chime in last.  
My number is 207-776-3529.  You might need to leave a message as I tend to screen phone calls.  
I should be able to step away from work for an hour or so at 1:30 tomorrow to join everyone in the cs lab. 
Just a heads up that the section of the ManualforREGISTERS dealing with antenatal care can be found on 
pages 15-17 of the pdf.  This includes definitions for the information being collected.  See everyone tomorrow.



Aaron Harvey
	
Feb 9
		
to me, Ross, Kyle, Naomi
Hi everyone, 

Sorry for the delay.

Here is the TS3 info:
IP: ts.lolsup.com OR 192.30.34.45 (I'm not 100% how long it will take for the DNS to propagate)
PORT: 9988 (note - this is not the default port)
No password

If it's asking you for a password, double check the port.  I have another server running on the default port.

Let me know if there are any problems,  or I can help everyone get connected tomorrow if needed.



Naomi Heuer
	
Feb 10
		
to Aaron, me, Ross, Kyle
It worked for me. Though I had to look up how to change the port.
You just gotta enter  ts.lolsup.com:9988

It did ask for the server admin key when I logged in though. I just ignored it.



Nicholas Curlew <nicholas.curlew@maine.edu>
	
Feb 14 (13 days ago)
		
to Naomi, Aaron, Ross, Kyle
Hi Everyone,
     At the moment we only have read access to our repository.  I have e-mailed Prof MacLeod to grant us 
admin access.  My plan was to upload most of the same files as we started with for Assignment 1, though 
I changed the view to a GUI template and the names say antenatal instead of example 1.  I was then going 
to add some notes from our meeting this past week and probably a couple of fleshed out use cases.  If 
anyone would rather we take a different direction, I am all ears.  Thank you.



Nicholas Curlew <nicholas.curlew@maine.edu>
	
Feb 15 (12 days ago)
		
to Naomi, Aaron, Ross, Kyle
The repository should now be accessible.



Ross McLain
	
Feb 15 (12 days ago)
		
to me
Hey so I grabbed the program from github and made a new branch to work on the GUI stuff. 
I was wondering, did anyone start setting up the gui in cItemview? because it makes a basic java window. 
If so I can work with that otherwise I made a couple classes that I can add to the repository when I get 
them working.



Ross McLain
	
Feb 15 (12 days ago)
		
to me, Naomi, Aaron, Kyle
Hey guys,

Never mind the last email, I looked at it for a bit longer and you definitely set it up so I'll go 
with what you've got.

Thanks, Ross



Nicholas Curlew <nicholas.curlew@maine.edu>
	
Feb 16 (11 days ago)
		
to Ross, Naomi, Aaron, Kyle
Hi Ross,
     I added that in there just as a starting point.  Feel free to use, change, or delete it.  Thanks.



Nicholas Curlew <nicholas.curlew@maine.edu>
	
Feb 24 (3 days ago)
		
to Ross, Naomi, Aaron, Kyle
Hi everyone,
     Should we get on TeamSpeak to have another meeting?  We're making some good progress.  Naomi and Ross
 are going to be working on finishing up the GUI.  Aaron and Kyle, would you mind tackling the visit class?  
There is already a template, but we need to add all the fields and getters and setters.  The fields are broken 
down in first meeting doc which is in the Artifacts folder.  Some are text, some are numbers, and some will be 
a check yes/no or check 1st, 2nd, 3rd, etc.  Once we have that it should be a matter of building the controller 
to get the information from the GUI into the class.  Hopefully then we'll have a piece of working software to 
build from.



Kyle Gendron
	
Feb 24 (3 days ago)
		
to me, Ross, Naomi, Aaron
Absolutely.  Now that my Calc B exam is done, I'll be working on this and one other thing all day tomorrow.  
I was somewhat unsure as to which aspect I was working on since I noticed that there had been changes on the 
people assigned to particular issues on Github. Also, just to clarify, we will be tackling the controller as well,
correct?

On a side note, the issue I was having pulling down clones and running them (since I had no binaries) has been 
resolved.  It was as simple as not importing explicitly as an Eclipse project, hence why I couldn't modify my 
build path or generate class files.  The code is perfectly runnable and I've been fetching updated masters and 
testing them to make sure everything I pull keeps working.  In summary, I'm in the clear, there.  I'll start a 
new branch for the Visit/Controller additions and push them to Github tonight.

As for the meeting -- yes, absolutely.  I will be on tonight until Midnight at the latest, and I have free time 
for most of the day tomorrow.



Nicholas Curlew <nicholas.curlew@maine.edu>
	
Feb 24 (3 days ago)
		
to Kyle, Ross, Naomi, Aaron
Hi Kyle,
     If you and Aaron could tackle the visit class and controller that would be great.  I think the tricky part 
with the controller will be pulling the information from the GUI.  We can then send it along to the service class 
to run our creates, and in the future retrieves, updates and deletes (CRUD).  I could do a meeting tonight, or we 
can pick a time tomorrow that works for everyone.

- and congrats on getting through the first Calc B exam!



Nicholas Curlew <nicholas.curlew@maine.edu>
	
Feb 24 (3 days ago)
		
to Kyle, Ross, Naomi, Aaron
One other thing...

As we are all working on this, I would suggest that you keep the items in http://www.cs.usm.maine.edu/~macleod/
courses/cos420/Spring2016/Overview_of_Iterations.html in mind.  Prof. MacLeod said that these were the items we 
would be graded on for each iteration.  He and Scott are going to go down the list checking off whether each item 
was completed.  You'll notice that programming pairs should come up with at least one class diagram and at least 
one sequence diagram.  When we schedule our next meeting we should probably go over some of the group items at 
the top.  Let me know what times would work for everybody to meet on TeamSpeak.  Thanks.



Naomi Heuer
	
Feb 24 (3 days ago)
		
to me, Ross, Aaron, Kyle
I wouldn't be able to do a meeting until tomorrow, or later tonight (9ish). Everything sounds good!



Ross McLain
	
Feb 24 (3 days ago)
		
to Naomi, me, Aaron, Kyle
Hey guys! I am free friday and probably a little saturday to get on teamspeak for a meeting. Also I just 
updated the Gui with all of the entry data and the methods that relate to each item. I also changed the 
consulting register so it takes it in once and leaves it at the top. I think the next step will just be 
working with you guys to get all the data into the visit object. Also you guys should check it out again 
to see if you like what I have done and give me any changes you would like to see.

Thanks, Ross



Kyle Gendron
	
Feb 26 (1 day ago)
		
to Ross, Naomi, me, Aaron
Hey everyone,

I can do Saturday for a meeting as well.  I built up the AntenatalVisit class, I just need to iron out all 
the constructors we'll need (based on the number of optional values), and continue work on the controller object.  
I'll also look into Object Factories, since I know we have a lot of data points to keep track of here.  In regards 
to the UML Class diagram and Sequence diagram, I was thinking a class diagram for the Antenatal Visit class and 
the a Sequence diagram for the entry of an initial visit.  I'll be working on those diagrams a bit today at work, 
but I'll be focused on the controller and visit classes tonight.  Saturday will be the day to iron out those 
diagrams, unless we can do a meeting tonight after 7 PM.  I also have a few design questions I'd like to pose to 
everyone when we get the chance.   Either way, the branch will be committed, merged and pushed tonight once 
everything's working in the visit class   

Thanks, Kyle



Ross McLain
	
6:16 PM (21 hours ago)
		
to Kyle, Naomi, me, Aaron
Hey everyone!

I will be busy from 12 to probably around 6 tomorrow due to my grandmothers 80th birthday party that I can't miss. 
I will be free tonight any time and tomorrow after 6 or 7.

Thanks, Ross



Naomi Heuer
	
9:21 AM (6 hours ago)
		
to Ross, Kyle, me, Aaron
Happy birthday to your gram, Ross.
Since we keep shouting out times, how does tonight at 7ish sound? If that works for everyone.



Kyle Gendron
	
9:25 AM (6 hours ago)
		
to Naomi, Ross, me, Aaron
I can do 7, definitely.



Nicholas Curlew <nicholas.curlew@maine.edu>
	
11:43 AM (4 hours ago)
		
to Kyle, Naomi, Ross, Aaron
Sounds good to me.  I was going to work on some of the documentation today.  Nice work on the visit class.  
The GUI looks great.  I think we're just about there.  When the functionality is complete we can validate 
inputs and do some testing - try to break it while running.  We should also think about some of the non-functional 
requirements we might have missed.  Great work everyone.